pin name in backets means reset has different function
FT = 5V tolerant IO
FTf = 5V tol IO FM+ capable
TTa = 3v3 tolerant ADC
TC = 3v3

PC14/PC15 default to OSC32

PA0-3: TTa
PA8-12: FT


PB0-1: TTA
PB2: FT
PB10-12: FT
PB13-14: Ftf
PB15: FT

Parts to find
-------------
Case
LCD (waterproof? bezel?)
ignition on/off and cover, control 3-way key switches
schematic drawing for batteries


SC11628 IP67 LED bezel so I can use standard ridic-bright 5mm on ignition
Still need the 5mm LEDs for it tho.
keyswitches are a pain -- none over 10A, none with 3-ways and IP-rated, and the IP67 rated ones look rubiously IP-rated
( and only come in same-key variant)

Doing 3-way sw for arming is way hard.  No obvious way to detect which pin is powering the board with a 1P3T keyswitch
short of gnarly hacks.  Signs point to keysw for on/off and slider/toggle for arm or vice versa

Both boards have illuminating latching push for power on/off and control has 1P1T/1P2T for swapping between CONT and ARMED
Probably have to use a relay for powering Ignition because 15A+ rated push-switches are way expensive.

Casing and mechanics
---------------------

Hammond waterproof cases?
LCD: waterproof with a sheet of clear acrylic and caulk, possibly acrylic on inside, but likely outside of box cutout
For coax, put an SMA-F footprint on the board and that can either stick out of the box or go to a lead to panel mount SMA-F on the lid

control: maybe a plastic handheld watertight case.  awks to mount LCD waterproofly as always
nice and light tho

ignition end: metal box because explode
get a watertight light duty Al with mounting shelves and wire-board all the panel stuff

put LEDs on ignition end of testing, similar to current setup, 12V IP65 panel mount jobbies
LED colours!?

Channel ID with numbers or letters or colours or ???


battery charging
-----------------
control has a waterproof DC connector to its battery
ignition has an amphenol or similar lots-way waterproof connector connected to battery and balance

Adaptor cable from banana plugs (from balance charger) to waterproof DC thingy for control
adaptor cable from banana plugs and balance connectors to amphenol or similar thingy for ignition